poetry-{cache, list, lock, show}: add page (#18229)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/poetry-cache.md

# poetry cache

> Manage Poetry's cache.
> See also: `asdf`.
> More information: <https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#cache>.

- Display Poetry's available caches:

`poetry cache list`

> - Remove all packages from a cache (ex: PyPI):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove all packages from a cache (e.g.: PyPI):
```
